Update key features. (#1582)
optuna/optuna: README.md

Optuna has modern functionalities as follows:

- [Lightweight, versatile, and platform agnostic architecture](https://optuna.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial/first.html)

>   - Handle a wide variety of tasks, while simple installation with few requirements. 

Reviewer: Just a nit but "while simple installation" sounded a bit unnatural. What do you think of the following?

```suggestion
  - Handle a wide variety of tasks with a simple installation that has few requirements. 
```
